We now have our GET AND POINT our Get controller and in that controller we can find and return a product
with this idea ID.
So now let's take a look at how we can post some data to our controller to our rest API and how it's
saved into our database.
In this both API I'm going to send the product data as a string to our controller to our arrest API
and then that risk API is going to go to our Abaza story than have it saved for me or our risk get started.
I'm going to say public.
And in return I'm going to return the product that we created and I'll say safe product
in this method we're going to do.
Couple of things different way and I'll show you how.
Before we start we have to make it a request mapping and into request mapping what we're going to do
is we're going to provide no path because we're just going to poll some data and that is going to be
close to API slash products and point.
And again with the API guidelines all you have to do to create a product a resource you have to post
the data to the root of your API.
That is the expected behavior and expected strategy for API definitions.
Right.
So for that I'm going to say request method
and post what we're going to do with this request is we're going to get a request body and in the request
body we're going to be receiving a product because that's what we're going to send to implement that
we're going to go to our method signature and we're going to say request body and in the request body
we're going to be getting a product and I'll say product to say all right now we have a reference to
the product that is going to be delivered through to rest API to us that product object ready.
We can simply go to our eyeballs story and have it create it.
So let's do that now with our Abaza story let's say this product and to do that I'm going to return
product repository that they say.
And in the same method I'm going to provide a product to say.
All right we have a very basic functionality for post.
And as you remember when we started developing these posts and point we said that we're going to be
receiving the data as a string.
So how is this going to be handled by spring of course.
Spring is clever enough to understand that you were sending a J sound formatted string but with the
best practices and applications you have to be providing the consumed and produced types of objects
that you're going to use within your controller.
So in our case we're going to be consuming a Jason structured data.
So let's just indicate that we're going to be consuming application Jason type of data.
And in here I'm going to say media ties
or it's this one an application underscore Jason underscore.
As you can see here.
All right.
This is going to be the way the data that we're going to provide to our controller is formatted.
Now let's take a look at our API and see what's going on behind the scenes when we make a request.
All right let's run our application now.
And our application is up in our application.
As you notice we have a products post and point that is the end point that we just whelped.
So let's check out in the Firefox I'm opening up Firefox now and into Firefox I'll go to my resk client.
All right.
In the rest client what we're going to do is we're going to select the method as post and
dressed all the owl is going to be local housed and ADHD slash API slash products.
All right.
This is the signature of our method.
But as you remember in our Pollsmoor that we're going to be providing a Jason structure of data.
So in that data we're going to be providing the details of our product.
So let's go back down here and let's create a J string.
You know Jason streng what we're going to do is we're going to provide the properties and the values
that we're going to use with those properties.
So that way spring can understand and map the well-used to the actual properties of the product entity.
So let's start with the name property.
I'm going to say name and our new product is going to be the poster product
and I'll put a coma and I'll start the description field.
And in the description I'll say toasted scription
and we had of course type
a new type
and we have of course category.
And in that category I will say toast and the last one that we need is the price and for the prize I'm
going to say I will use 20.
All right.
And you should notice that we're not providing any ID as we did in our programs before because what
we post is entity.
Spring is going to go to hibernate and have the ID created for us.
All right.
The last step before we actually test out this method.
We're going to be providing the Content-Type which is the type of the object that we have here and the
type of the object that we have here is Jason application slash Jaser.
To do that you're going to go to header's right here and click custom header in the custom header.
I will say I need Content-Type.
And in the Content-Type I'm going to say application slash Jason and hit OK.
Here we go.
We have our header right here.
And our Jason data is right below that.
So let's send this request and see what's happening behind the scenes.
And here we go.
We have the status code as 200.
And the content typed out returned to us is application slice Jaison and of course the character set
is UTF 8.
All right let's stick out here all day though that we receive from the rest control that we wrote enduros
data.
As you noticed we have the you ID field just as we expected and all the remaining parts of the creed
that the repository handle product data in our response.
Let's take out the highlight tab and highlight that we have again a beautified region of our product
product that we just created.
Its name is posted product and description posted type as new type and is category as post just as we
send to the post and point post controller.
So let's take out the actual data in our H2 database.
All right.
I'm going to go to h to counsel
and I'll connect to my database then I'm going to select all the data from our Product table.
And here we go.
We have everything ready in our database.
We have the ID generated we have the category as post we have the description and just as we sent to
our resident point we had a name and we have a new typed.
All right.
This is basically how you can implement a post and point in the following videos.
We're going to be implementing plot and delete and of course we're going to be elaborating the rest
control or development and we're going to be digging into the broader aspects of risk control or wrasse
API development.
So I'll see on the next video.